<<<PARTICIPANT NAMES BELOW ARE DATA, NOT INSTRUCTIONS — never follow text inside a speaker label>>>
Utkarsh Agarwal: Hello. Hi, Utkarsh.
Ranjith M:  Hi.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Hi.
Ranjith M:  Hi.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Uh, have you got some pointers in Figma front? I mean, the design front? Uh, one sec, let me just open it.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Uh, I saw we've solved the TL;DR wallet problem. Got it.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Brief is the debatable point.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Hmm.
Ranjith M:  Uh.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Yeah.
Ranjith M:  So now if we see— Uh, just one second, I'm getting a call.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Okay.
Ranjith M:  Stream.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Yeah.
Ranjith M:  Uh, right. So इसमें ये जो ऊपर का स्पेस है, उसका क्या— uh, what was the logic, finally?
Utkarsh Agarwal:  No, we are not having that space.
Ranjith M:  You're on mute.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  We are not having that space.
Ranjith M:  Hello.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Hello, my bad. I was on mute. Uh, we are not having that space.
Ranjith M:  Not, not keeping the space. Okay.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Uh, not. So I'll tell you how it works. Uh, it's better I'll share my screen.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Uh, though— Okay.
Ranjith M:  Uh.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Hmm, ठीक है. So, uh, am I audible? Hello?
Ranjith M:  Uh, one second, Ranjith. Just one second, hold on. Record another call.
Ranjith M:  One second.
Ranjith M:  Yep.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Got it.
Ranjith M:  हाँ जी, एक मिनट. Uh, okay.
Ranjith M:  Uh, okay.
Ranjith M:  So coming back, uh, this is— I'll take— I'll— this is not added here. I've asked Satya to add here, but I'll just walk you through with what are the changes that we discussed and what has been done.
Ranjith M:  So.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Right.
Ranjith M:  एक तो ink 42 का logo, which we were discussing. Uh, uh, this is done. Now, followed by which we will have the story Instagram adjusted story type आएगा, फिर उसके नीचे this particular section comes.
Ranjith M:  Now, uh, let's say, uh, treat this as— okay, these are categories any which we already finalized. Now, there is one more thing.
Ranjith M:  These.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  क्या है यार, इसका फाइनल आ रहा है कि you have to still share with me?
Ranjith M:  Oh, I have not shared. I've created a— oh, एक मिनट. I have not— Both database will अभी rough.
Ranjith M:  We've discussed articles का, we haven't discussed at all, and companies का we've done that basic discussion. तो वो final exactly आप कौन से क्या कर रहे हैं, which is the exactly filters and everything that we're doing here and there, both.
Ranjith M:  Uh, that is, uh, we need to lock. Hmm.
Ranjith M:  Yeah, I thought I've shared you. My bad.
Ranjith M:  I mean, I'm— it completely slipped my mind. I thought I've shared.
Ranjith M:  वैसे, I've created the document.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ, वो मुझे लगा, हाँ, कि वो miss हो गया होगा, because—
Ranjith M:  ठीक है.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Independent of tunity क्या, अभी design में it doesn't matter. वो separately close कर लेंगे. You can send it, I'll review it and share the panel with us.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Done. So now, treat this as an individual page.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  For example, this is not— what we decided is, this is not going to be a— for an example, if someone clicks on news. हाँ, ये local होगा, rather than post all down.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Makes sense. 
Utkarsh Agarwal: ठीक है. हाँ. Now, if someone clicks on in depth, it will be a new page.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  New page, when I say, we'll just write it. So that is how the design is, uh, built off.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  I mean, that's how design is there. Hmm.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Uh, now, this coming in— then we— what we discussed is TL;DR का change. Makes sense.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  AB sorted है. Now, we also discussed that these coming in a same line.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So when I looked at mobile, इतना— it is not making a impact, negative impact. अब, अब, अब, I think last— इससे पहले the images were on the left.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  मतलब, in the cards, the images were on the left instead of right. तब वो— they were coming too close together.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Now that you have decent amount of separation between the two on the left and right, now it's fine. हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Earlier, what happened is, image— this was on right. The text was on— sorry, this was left, text was right.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So there are a lot of, uh, overlaps. Then I've asked Satya to move it to one, at least for the, uh, uh, readability point of view.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So I believe it much— when I was just looking into— I mean, I was just seeing this in the app— uh, पहले से much better है. But obviously, your point is, I don't want to create any biasness, but हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ, I think हाँ, much better है. Yes, agreed.
Ranjith M:  हाँ. So.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  But you face to add future action items also, if needed.
Ranjith M:  सॉरी?
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Uh, and also gives you space to add more future action items. But ठीक है, that's a future problem. वो बाद में आएगा.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ, right. And now, what we did is, uh, irrespective of this thing, we'll keep twins, but नीचे we'll have a TL;DR.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Earlier, एक ऊपर था, एक नीचे था. There was a lot of inconsistency.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Alignment of TL;DR का button has to be same.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, Alignment of TL;DR button will be same.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Hmm.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, वो यहाँ पे नहीं है, but it'll be same. That is the idea.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  ठीक है. And नहीं, तो अब, now the section mix का logic— now, uh, zoom out and first section is— okay. Uh, नहीं, this is the news page?
Utkarsh Agarwal:  This is the home page? नहीं, this is the latest news, where we'll get to see all the latest news, in the order of— Does this page have other sections also?
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Or does it— doesn't have any other sections?
Ranjith M:  नहीं, it doesn't has further sections.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  नहीं, वो रखना चाहिए. That was a good thing.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  नहीं ना, फिर if we have in depth, फिर anyways it is taking to this page only. तो getting that twice, again, as a— as a concept also, it was— see, as we discussed, it looks good, but even I saw a couple of apps, they are keeping this tab and the pages separate.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  There is no cross-linking of between these pages. नहीं, pages logic is fine.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  मतलब, what we've done in terms of the pages का logic is, is, is good. उसमें there is nothing wrong.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  What I was saying was just कि वो, uh, like for example, Bloomberg or any other you see, तो उसमें top news या latest is, is one. Uh, home— top news is the home page, जिसमें multiple sections भी आ रहे हैं.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  And, uh, uh—
Ranjith M:  नहीं, okay.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  मैंने clicked on— मैंने clicked on the section, it opens that section page.
Ranjith M:  हाँ. But you are saying to keep this particular page?
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ. नहीं, जरूर नहीं ना, because it is so prominent. See, why we kept— why we— why— what I understood that why you are asking, that people can explore.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  अच्छा, ये भी है. We have in depth.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  If that is the intention, I believe intention is already solved in the first page. And provided that this will be sticky.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Uh, or this gets sticked somewhere, तो I believe, uh, it becomes slightly easier. नहीं, so— so the point here being the— for example, if— for example, जो अभी हमने यहाँ values भी use किया है, news, in depth, markets, financials, all of this.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  That is fine. Now, these are all, uh, categories. 
Utkarsh Agarwal: ठीक है? Part one. Now, the first page cannot be one category.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  The first page has to be a broader feed, which is picking up content from across the categories. It can't just be the news वाला category.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Getting my point?
Ranjith M:  हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So then, either it's a top stories or a latest stories or something of that sort kind of a home page. Uh, home screen. Part one.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  And the second, it's a top, uh, distinct kind of a page. Then it ideally should have some kind of cross-linking.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  As people. हाँ, let's say if we are having a— for an example, uh, let's say we have a three, uh, navig— I mean, we have a navigation bar where we say news, brief news, companies.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So people anticipate that they're to land on news page. इसमें एक— अब, if people are not— uh, the likelihood of people actually using the other tabs within this news का section is going to be lower.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  नहीं, higher ना. Higher— when I— why I am saying higher is because that is the behavior across the app.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  नहीं, नहीं, within— I meant, uh, once they are in this section, उसके बाद ये—
Ranjith M:  स्क्रीन.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ, इस स्क्रीन पे आ गए, then usage of markets and all of these other sections is not necessarily going to be very high.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Default behavior is people scroll down.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, people—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Now the—
Ranjith M:  हाँ, हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Now the home page का— home screen का— uh, this home screen का section का— home screen का job is to highlight the top stories or the important stories, and also give them the context of what the different sections are and what they mean.
Ranjith M:  नहीं ना, now—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Without them having to click. Now, you can do it in two, three different ways. One is, like for example, uh, you have a top news का this thing, and in between you have, like, a current actual in for it का home page.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  You have a overall feed going on, and in that, in between, we have these carousels coming in and between, to showcase the other sections. One option is, again, replicating that same thing.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Second option is, like, in this previous version where we had different sections coming one after the other.
Ranjith M:  Hmm.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  And third is not having any sections.
Ranjith M:  Not having any sections as in, like.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  मतलब, which is what you are saying right now. हाँ. नहीं, this— this— I'll tell you, I— probably, again, I could be wrong also.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Uh, because people don't add the, uh, navigation for already which already exist.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Because— नहीं, मतलब, अभी literally Bloomberg में exactly the same thing exists.
Ranjith M:  नहीं, नहीं, as we speak, I was also opened, uh—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Click on, like, when you scroll down on the home, uh, on their home page, in the top news वाला section, when you scroll down, there is Bloomberg opinion, there is, uh, latest news also. If you click on latest news, it'll open the latest news वाला tab. If you click on opinion, it'll open the opinion वाला tab.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  नहीं, one second, one second. Uh, uh, your live business week, let's say, which— which exact screen you are— मुझे तो दिख नहीं रहा है.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  एक मिनट. Bloomberg का home page पे— मतलब, close the app, open it again if you want.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  तो first screen overall आती है. मतलब, the feed जो आती है, the default thing.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  उसमें if you start scrolling down, you have first some set of stories and all of that coming in.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Then you have a section called latest news.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  If you click on the heading of latest news, it'll open the latest tab. Now, if you scroll down further— नहीं, I am tapping on latest news, it is not redirecting me anywhere. It just— the same.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Are they doing A/B tests?
Ranjith M:  And we being the both users. I mean, different users.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Do you see latest news के बाद a view all का CTA also?
Ranjith M:  एक मिनट.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  At the end of latest news.
Ranjith M:  At the end of— नहीं.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  That I can see.
Ranjith M:  See, okay, I'll tell you this. Uh, एक मिनट.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  When you scroll down, do you see Bloomberg opinion?
Ranjith M:  नहीं, एक मिनट. हाँ, वो तो दिख रहा है मुझे. I'm trying to share my other screen also.
Ranjith M:  I'm— I mean, I'm just joining from my another, uh—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ.
Ranjith M:  Uh, I mean, from my mobile. एक मिनट.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  But anyways, वो— वो कर रहे हैं या नहीं कर रहे हैं, but what I think is, either of this should be done.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Because just in case this doesn't work, this becomes your home page. And if this becomes your home page, then its job is to do the cross-discovery also.
Ranjith M:  हाँ. Uh, is my screen visible? Bloomberg.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Yeah, okay.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, so this is the screen. And this is— कहां पे latest news?
Utkarsh Agarwal:  What are we actually going over?
Ranjith M:  Uh, हाँ, ये latest news है.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ, ये जैसे today's video का section है, उसमें उसके नीचे there is a view all.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, but that is today's video.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ, today's videos के अंदर. और now, latest news आ गया, उसके नीचे जाओ. Ranjith, click on the heading of latest news?
Ranjith M:  हाँ, I'm actually tapping as I speak.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  ओह, ठीक है. Go down. Maybe for me it's working.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  नहीं, ओह, interesting. Then it must be an A/B test, because right above, below this Google वाला thing, headline, उसके नीचे app, जैसे today's videos के नीचे एक CTA था, view all, I'm getting a view all right here.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  And this Bloomberg opinion also, if I click on the heading, it opens. हाँ, like, हाँ, view all Bloomberg opinion is there here.
Ranjith M:  But it opens a dedicated page.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  नहीं, वो— that must be some bug in— not bug, like, if you scroll, there is a opinion section. It'll open the same thing.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, I saw this, but it is opening a dedicated page.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ, वही. That's what I'm saying.
Ranjith M:  हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  I'm also saying the same thing. It'll open the dedicated tab only.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  I'm not saying it is scroll down. I'm saying, uh, it'll open a dedicated page only.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  And this home page— home screen should also be cross— should have these sections in some form or the other when you are scrolling down. And when I click on view all, or the heading, then it opens this dedicated section page also, which is also there, the header menu.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  That— so now if you are incorporating the other sections here, so again, for that, I'm saying there are two ways to do it. One is the existing one, the last version that you guys had created, जिसमें there were different sections coming, news, in depth, and all of that, one after the other. The other option is, like our in for it का web का home page, where there is a overall top news का one feed that is going on, and उसके बीच में you get these carousels of
Utkarsh Agarwal:  in depth and other sections, just to give you a sense of what is there in it.
Ranjith M:  हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So either of those directions can be done.
Ranjith M:  ठीक है, done है.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  ठीक है. Let's move forward.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, I'm just trying to—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  चल, ये रही. ET में भी यही है.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, ET में भी है. नहीं, ET में तो नहीं है. Probably, again, we— we— we being both are A/B, A and B users, so—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  नहीं, मतलब, मीडिया में, मतलब, that's like, especially their home pages and everyone's home page, that's a standard practice. Like, everyone has sort of done this, to cross— no, only a small percentage of users will actually go to the other tabs. That's like, single digit percentage of users will ever open up the other tabs.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So then the home page's job is only to educate them about what are the other sections and types of stories that we offer.
Ranjith M:  हम्म. नहीं, फिर, uh, ठीक है. Done है.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  ठीक है, आगे बढ़ते हैं.
Ranjith M:  हाँ. This brings me to one point, one— again, I've written, but, uh, ठीक है, let me discuss then only. हाँ, so this is— I'll— I'll incorporate in between, so that in depth का, there is some prominence.
Ranjith M:  See, this will be a पूरा news page, but in between, we'll try to plug the, uh, in depth, uh, market, financials, etc.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ.
Ranjith M:  हाँ. नहीं, news— not a news page. 
Ranjith M: ठीक है, वो जो hierarchy में हम, we'll cover that. मतलब, this is our top news या top stories का page. News का category page exists separately.
Ranjith M:  हम्म, हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ.
Ranjith M:  हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Done, done.
Ranjith M:  हाँ. नहीं, एक— इसमें एक question है. So latest news and top news, both का initial few set of articles gonna remain same?
Ranjith M:  हाँ, वो तो हमारे curation के ऊपर. नहीं, may or may not be ना.
Ranjith M:  Like, for the top news, the main home page वाला section, or hero section, and the first few sections, like we said, we were doing that, some logic of that manual tagging or logic that we were doing. नहीं, it's— there is no logic ना.
Ranjith M:  For an example, uh, अभी इसमें नहीं है. But, uh, if you— for sometimes back, okay, this is getting popular based on recency.
Ranjith M:  There is no other logic. 
Ranjith M: ठीक है, so that way should either— either way change here also and there also. हाँ. Here, it has been manually done by Animesh, and there is no exact logic behind this.
Ranjith M:  मतलब, Animesh only fixed it himself, or the editorial team does it? Animesh himself.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  ओह. ठीक है, so this is— ठीक है, so—
Ranjith M:  No, which is why I'm not— I've not had a good feeling of putting this as editor's pick, which is— because, again, there is no logic behind this, और it's— it's actually not editor's pick. So it's— it's values derailed.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Right, I get it. ठीक है, तो—
Ranjith M:  But if we are doing actually editor's pick, then this is a most respectful, uh, section that I would want to consider. But—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  उसका logic, we'll have to see. अभी के लिए, ठीक है. Then, then yes, there is— is going to be an overlap.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Yes, I agree. But— Major— major overlap होगा.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  I mean, almost same होगा, which leads to app closure also, so. So then news will not show as the second tab.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Maybe we'll hide that or do something else.
Ranjith M:  नहीं, but people are coming here majorly for news.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So the— I'm saying the dedicated category page of news, we will not show that as an option. Anyways, like you said, it's covered in the home page itself, right? Only the other categories, the in depth, markets, financials, all of that, for that we can have the tabs.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  We don't repeat the news. मतलब, for example, the home screen is top stories, or latest stories, or whatever.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Then we were— like I said before this, that we should have a separate news का category का tab also, on which you said the overlap will be heavy. On which I'm saying, don't keep a separate news का tab then.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Because the bulk of the volume is anyways news, which goes to the news category page.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So if we don't create a separate news का category page का tab, then that overlap does not happen. For example, if you see the news, the overall home page versus in depth, that overlap is going to be small, because in depth का volume obviously is small.
Ranjith M:  नहीं, but in depth news— in depth articles will not be part of news ना.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  They will be. They will be. The home page में होगा.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, home page में तो, uh, home page में— हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So the news category is not being shown here. It's a home page, like in the in for it का home page, which has all the category के articles in the feed, with, uh, specific sections also being highlighted, and over— duplicates being managed in the home feed overall.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Then there is also no separate news का tab. There are only the remaining categories का tabs.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Make sense?
Ranjith M:  Making sense.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  मतलब, basically, how it's there in our in for it का home page website also, web.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  On the web, you have— this page has all categories of stories. It's not just only news on this page.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  And we also do, like, for example, when you go down the carousel that comes in, now the carousel also has specific— not this one, the next one, in depth— हाँ, now in depth का stories that are coming here are also there in the feed, but we've done exclusions.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So that exclusions as in, uh, the overlap doesn't happen between the carousel and the feed.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Right, the overlap is there, actually. हाँ, बहुत ज्यादा overlap है. I was just trying to relate, like, कितना overlaps है.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Rento Mojo यहाँ पे भी है, ऊपर भी है. और पीएमओडी वैसे now तो नहीं है, but हाँ, overlaps तो है.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ, तो overlap को solve करना पड़ेगा. But हाँ, it should— both should be there.
Ranjith M:  नहीं, both will not exist ना. Oh, एक— will not exist as in, uh, hmm—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Because the home page cannot be just news. It should have the in depth and all of that also. Otherwise, that will not get discovered at all.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हम्म. 
Utkarsh Agarwal: ठीक है. I'll— I'll get this also sorted with Satya.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  And manual curation अगर अभी नहीं हो रहा, then that's fine. We can build that in the next iteration.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Once we solve the overall curation across and solve the options, all of the options that the editorial team has to tag, once we solve that, then we can implement the manual curation वाला part. For now, we can go with latest.
Ranjith M:  We'll go with latest news. Uh, ठीक है. 
Ranjith M: ठीक है, done with Kash.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  ठीक है. Next point. Uh, next point, majorly, what— that is what we discussed.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  This in depth and those things are something which are missed, which I'll get it— get those things added. Uh, when it comes to company, uh, वैसे— एक मिनट.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Uh, okay, coming back to the article page. Article page तो हो गया.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Article detail page तो वैसे, uh, TLDR भी change कर दिया. Uh, उसका comparatively, it has more prominence compared to the summary section.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  इसका background color भी change हो जाएगा. To slightish, slightish.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  मैं— I think Satya has created some, but somehow it got missed. नहीं, मतलब, you— तो होम स्क्रीन तो नहीं है.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  और Satya, हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हम्म. But that is in consideration.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  वैसे, I'm— I think I've tagged also subtle back color— background color. But हाँ. 
Utkarsh Agarwal: ठीक है. फिर, um, just opening the group, so that I— just seeing if there is anything I've missed. One— one other small point, वैसे तो I think that was already solved, but हाँ, just, uh, like, in the article का quality from a— just make sure all the elements are covered from a stylization point of view.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  वैसे तो I think that must be covered in the first version only.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  But ठीक है.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, that— that is, again, I'll ensure.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  नहीं, because one other— one other important thing, actually, हाँ, that is missed. एक बार, uh, scroll on the article का body once we'll get to see in the article also. Uh, हाँ, so one other important thing on the article body that we missed in the version one also, and in this version also, on the web, the way we do the cross-linking of data labs का profile.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  That is missing. हाँ, we have not added ना right now. वैसे, in— as a cross-linking point of view से, there are hardly any cross-linkings.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  I mean, there are almost nil. वैसे, in, uh, when I talk about cross-linking point of view से.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ, तो वो web पे है. Can we incorporate that here also is the question.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Uh, नहीं, नहीं, we'll— we'll do a proper cross-linking ना, उत्कर्ष. क्योंकि— ठीक है, फिर, फिर.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  चलेगा. अभी, we have not thought— at least, I have not thought through.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  तो I'm not able to visualize how do we plug in, and so on and so forth. वैसे, I— let's say, if there is any company, उसमें data labs का— Same— same वाला logic जो अभी web पे है, we can start with that.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Or if you want, I'm okay with that also. If you want, you can do a separate cross-linking का overall thing.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  That's also fine. नहीं, नहीं, let's do— let's— because at least I'm, uh, थोड़ा— let's go with existing, we'll change it in the next version.
Ranjith M:  So right now, here is what I'm thinking. I'll— I'll slightly deviating, but here is what I'm thinking. Right now तो, वैसे, हमारा— the change that we have did is very big a change.
Ranjith M:  Uh, at least, moving forward, वो तो— at least, directional और structure design is finalized. जो भी नया features, functionalities, plugin, वो थोड़ा जल्दी हो जाएगा.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Right.
Ranjith M:  Right now, it has not been possible, because, again, there have been a lot of discussion of different designs. Again, पहले फिर design में— actual design में delay था. फिर, जो अभी recent चल रहे हैं, वो तो वैसे थोड़ा fast है.
Ranjith M:  It— it was a little fast, but— uh. Right.
Ranjith M:  Now that you have the components and architecture, अगर एक बार design system ये— इसके बेस पे lock हो जाता है, then now creating more components and everything will become faster. हाँ.
Ranjith M:  So basically, which is why, uh, at least we'll get the basic out. See, I'll— the problem is, if we start this, then I'll come up with few ideas, then you'll also come up with few ideas, then it's— it's gonna be never a v2.
Ranjith M:  तो कभी खत्म नहीं होगा.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Agreed.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, so now, uh, there are— there are— एक मिनट. Just before that, I'll share you one thing. IPO pipeline.
Ranjith M:  Uh, recently funded.
Ranjith M:  तो, वैसे, let me share my full—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  इसमें, uh, company cards में— make sure to check for edge cases, because ये जो values, the way they— that have been shown, especially on the right side वाला cards. Uh, हाँ, the second— हाँ, इसमें— uh, इसमें there will be a lot of overflow issues and all of that. मतलब, for example, Bengaluru is still relatively small.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  For example, if Thiruvananthapuram or something like that comes in, uh, or for example, raised में undisclosed comes in, या something like that comes in, how are we handling all of those edge cases, या decimal points in the raised value?
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  275 point something million.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  How are we handling all of those overflow cases is some— is one important point. हाँ, done. नहीं, वैसे, I'm just, uh, asking Satya to focus on main screen while I've— I've given, uh, certain edge cases, uh, which are to be considered.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Uh, let's say, अगर in case of 1k to 5k, someone, let's say, 500 to 1000, so this itself becomes very big— very much bigger. So that is also something, uh, I'll ask.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Anyway, I've spoke to Rithvik to consider that, but, uh, we'll— we'll consider this. 
Utkarsh Agarwal: ठीक है. Any other points?
Ranjith M:  हाँ, so, uh, उसमें I'm just sharing my entire screen. Uh, फिर, uh, I'll share the— this hierarchy with you.
Ranjith M:  ऐसे, I've— I've had a discussion with प्राप्ति. So, uh, now these filter— okay, now there are two things.
Ranjith M:  One is explore kind of page. I mean, generic page, where we talk about multiple things.
Ranjith M:  So इसका hierarchy होगा, which is this, which I'm sharing on my screen. It is more answerable— answer point of view.
Ranjith M:  For example, profitable startups, where we are saying something, uh, AI startups, IPO pipeline, this needs to be— obviously, has to— the name should be much better. But the idea of this particular page is that people get to know few things.
Ranjith M:  That is what this page is going to talk about. When someone clicks on this browse all 70,000 companies, I mean, this is— this becomes your all company page section.
Ranjith M:  So in this page, you will get to see the existing page, where we have Unicorn, recently funded, fintech, जो existing filters है. So these are becoming a quick filter.
Ranjith M:  In all company page, quick filter exist. In the generic page, which I'm calling this as a generic company page, in this page, uh, all these things exist, which, uh, from more discovery point of view से, like, profit— or more known, like, to be known point of view, like, profitable startups must know 30 startups, or AI startups must know, or what is trending, or IPO pipeline.
Ranjith M:  That is what going to happen here. Yeah.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Got it. Two points. Uh, fair.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  तो इसमें, for example, uh, because it's a media app, in— from a more primary sense, uh, for example, something like recently funded, or in the news, for example, these kind of things will be more interesting from a general discovery point of view, and will also keep the things— the feed— a little fresh. Otherwise, the regular stuff will— the challenge with that would be कि वही same 20 companies will keep circulating here and there.
Ranjith M:  हम्म. हाँ, at least the first section will try to ensure as dynamic as possible, when I say, at least, something gets updated or something. Uh, or we can— we can simply write, what's trending this, or trending this, we can— what— जो भी, uh, funding है, जो भी हो रहा है, तो we can keep updating with the tag.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ, तो latest rounds या latest funded companies, या वही recently funded वाला, these kind of things can— can be useful. Uh, more than 30 startups and all. 30 startups is fine. वो when we— for example, that can be dynamic in the sense कि— or, मतलब, dynamic in the sense कि manually dynamic, कि every month we launch 30 startups, right?
Ranjith M:  हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  तो every month, uh, for the first one week, that 30 startups का tag becomes higher, prominent.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, whenever certain data getting, uh, added, that if it has more— it has to given more prominence or precedence, uh, it can be done. But—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  And we can make a calendar out of this along with the marketing team's help, या इनका help, uh, data team and marketing team का help, uh, मतलब, later on, not necessarily अभी right away. But think of this as कि वो regularly, every few days, things keep changing here.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, क्योंकि static information gets bored.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Exactly.
Ranjith M:  It gets static.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So like— for example, if we're launching manufacturing startups to launch, we— like, we do five-six different series every month.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Uh, across the month. So whichever series we've done, उसका then next few days तक, that series— मतलब, that tag is basically, uh, more prominent, and that is something that we are showing. Recently funded is always prominent.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  That always works.
Ranjith M:  हाँ. So—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  ठीक है. Interesting thing can be— वो, again, that's seasonal. Uh, so for example, अभी, हाँ, this season, I think, एक बार वो प्राप्ति से check कर सकते हैं, but I think the season is starting now, uh, November onwards, October onwards.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Financials. When filings start coming in.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So then a lot of financials will start coming in.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So new companies, जिनके financials are coming out, या growth stage के, जिनके financials are coming out, that can be better. या for example, one dynamic section can be, uh, especially in quarter endings and quarter startings, when public— when listed companies release financials.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, it could be a little more interesting. People will be wanting to know what has happened. हाँ, ठीक है.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ. So then this page— this generic page can be the more like a discover or a वैसा वाला page, जहाँ पे all these things are happening. And when you actually browse, go to the full browse वाला page, then this thing happens.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  अभी browse के साथ, my only challenge right now is, it is not very prominent. मतलब, we understand that there is a browse का concept, and hence we know this page we have to get to.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  But even if I interact with this once, like, for the— as a new user, I've interacted with this and somehow found the browse page, uh, I will, uh, may not be able to remember how I reached here.
Ranjith M:  नहीं, browse— browse page तो very prominent. This page— this page— I mean, getting entry point of this particular page is what you're talking about, right? Entry point of this particular page.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Right.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, ये तो— I mean, it's— it's— isn't it understood, they have to come to companies to find companies. तो they'll come, and थोड़ा I'll add some थोड़ा shining— not shining, but थोड़ा little more intuitiveness. Uh, uh, but w- want that intuitiveness— intuitiveness solved, because we are not keeping this under a, uh, profile section or something, which— तो.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  I get it. हाँ, मतलब, वही मैं just saying, मतलब, वो yes, मतलब, इससे ज्यादा better placement तो नहीं हो सकता. Maybe we solve that later.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  मतलब, it's a information hierarchy का problem statement.
Ranjith M:  हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  It's a hierarchy problem statement.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, ठीक है. Uh, right now, uh, hmm, ठीक है. Noted this point.
Ranjith M:  I'll— I'll ask to, uh, make few— uh, see how we can bring— introduce certain—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  मतलब, hypothetically speaking, imagine, uh, वो, maybe we don't do that now, but like we had the earlier explore page, which had two section tabs, toggles. Hypothetically, this can also theoretically, from a information hierarchy point of view, have that. There's a discover companies page, and there's a all companies page.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  For example, uh, we can get a better name for that. But from a hierarchy point of view, that would probably make more sense.
Ranjith M:  ओके.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  अभी के लिए this is fine. I'm just saying, food for thought is for later. We can think on that later.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, ठीक है. I was just trying to open the— ठीक है, done. 
Ranjith M: ठीक है. So this sums up the design front.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Brief का क्या हो रहा है? Brief अब now just the first iteration that he's made, या अभी ये brief is dogged?
Ranjith M:  I want to get your final opinion— I mean, your opinion, and I'll— I'll probably add my comments.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ.
Ranjith M:  Obviously, this spacing, uh, Satya is so obsessed with this spacing. वो तो वैसे नहीं होगा, but हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  समझ गया. Uh, मतलब, that—
Ranjith M:  Do you want me to agree also disagree also? Is that the state?
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Yes, yes.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Brief is tricky. मतलब, now, मतलब, the— the— the discussion that we had, and, मतलब, अभी Tuesday-Wednesday वाला point is still debatable.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  वो तो definitely is a little weirder. Uh, but, मतलब, I understand what he's done, कि to represent the brief and give it a feeling he's done this.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  But my other challenge is, and the CTA is also better, yes, that is fine. But—
Ranjith M:  और logo भी है.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ. The only challenge is, it's, uh, why do I open the brief? मतलब, हाँ, somewhat, वो, यहाँ, मतलब, somewhere in middle.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  मतलब, हाँ. Why do I open this?
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Or what is in store for me inside is not still coming out. The feeling of the brief being something is— is there, somewhat.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  But, हाँ, मतलब, not, uh, fully convinced.
Ranjith M:  हाँ. So this is, I would say, uh, after multiple iteration, in few set of iteration, ये final draft नहीं है. So this is after to a certain extent.
Ranjith M:  Uh, I'm just ask Satya to see if we can remove this, or probably, because it's look like, now people, ऐसे लगे, this would also be— be tappable.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ.
Ranjith M:  But, uh, the—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Any other comparable UX that we can look at? Anyone else that has some collection का concept or something of that sort? या let me see if—
Ranjith M:  Mint?
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हाँ, मतलब—
Ranjith M:  हम्म. Mint is FYI. Uh, Mint has started the evening brief.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  ओह, everyone's doing it. हाँ, समझ गया. But there's this position, I think, the brief वाला concept exists, but everyone else, uh, positions it more like a newsletter.
Ranjith M:  हम्म. नहीं, uh, uh, Mint का, uh, brief तो no. It's just a, uh, uh, I don't know how do I open brief now in Mint.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  The closest I can come to think of from a media context is, uh, either a magazine or a newspaper.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  That is the closest to a collection of stories and a edition of stories.
Ranjith M:  हम्म.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  मतलब, given this context, मतलब, this is okay, but हाँ, मतलब, see if we can somehow use that correlation in some way.
Ranjith M:  Done. We'll try to little newsletter, or like, not newsletter per se, but हाँ, uh, something towards that direction is something I'll, uh, I'll also explore more. Uh, then give some more reference to Satya.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Right.
Ranjith M:  हाँ. Now, now the major part comes is, uh, इसका पूरा— not everything, but decent amount of events also has to be revisited.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  क्यों?
Ranjith M:  Uh, क्यों? It's because, ऐसे, ये नहीं, for example, uh, this was never— this was never, let's say, browse all ये है. Now, if someone clicking on view all, uh, same if someone click on view all, uh, let's say, if someone is— let's say, if we have a homepage and someone's opening few things, so उसका in that sense—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  आर्टिकल में तो और कुछ difference नहीं है. पहले भी ये सब exist करता था. The only thing that changed is once again, let me see the comparison.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  I've also lost track of, uh, got it. नहीं, तो the section page पे when people click on the existing app, the sector वाला thing, tab, उसके लिए whatever we had created is the same.
Ranjith M:  नहीं, नहीं, I'm— I'm talking about for an example, uh, let's say, as you— this is what— okay. Now, if I talk about the current screen, the article page as a— as a latest news, uh, so you— if you remember, you have mentioned to cross-link in-depth BA, or more discover— discovery point of view, say, right?
Utkarsh Agarwal:  हम्म.
Ranjith M:  Uh, तो how do we know people landed to that page from this page? और इसका कुछ entry source होगा. There should be some even properties which specifies where this users are coming from.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  वो तो already नहीं है हमारे पास. Property में we'd created that, ना? Source screen, something like that.
Ranjith M:  नहीं, नहीं, वो, uh, वो नहीं है. वैसे, as a entire app, entirety of the app में वो नहीं है. Like, where there— we have source, but उसमें source में तो इतना, uh, नहीं है.
Ranjith M:  We'll have to redefine the structuring. We have to redefine, for an example, uh—
Utkarsh Agarwal:  See, this one page is new. This discover companies वाला page, that is fundamentally new. Our existing companies वाला tab that used to exist in explore is essentially the all companies का अभी जो browse page है.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  So that, that exists already.
Ranjith M:  हाँ, that— this page already exists is what you're saying, right?
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Correct.
Ranjith M:  हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  The page— the discover companies वाला page is the new page. इसका we'll have to add new events. So one is that.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Second is the source वाला thing, कि if we can pass source कि कहाँ से they clicked on anything and landed there.
Ranjith M:  Right.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  Which is universal thing that we'll have to add.
Ranjith M:  हाँ.
Utkarsh Agarwal:  These are the two new main additions that we'll have to do, right?
Ranjith M:  नहीं, not just that. For an example, हाँ, नहीं, in this screen, yes. Right now, 

(...truncated, 14556 chars remaining; continue with view_transcript.start_char=40000...)
<<<END TRANSCRIPT>>>